I think Pacquiao is power and speed is
gonna take over this fight but you can't
because I things in brick you know he's
a wall he'll come he's not so much
offensive but he's defensive and but we
all know that Manny comes in a hundred
percent and he never gets tired so you
know but if it's hard man you out which
I doubt then we'll have a problem aside
from that that's the only thing I can
see body doing is tiring Manny Pacquiao
but I don't see it happen because
Pacquiao is a man who would train who
inspired me to straighten the way he
does so that's why I track as hard as I
can because the man can trade so hard so
I think that with the speed power he
couldn't take over quatie